Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The client, The Gaming Room, has an existing game available on Android called "Draw it or Lose it!".
The client came to us to create a web-based version of the game. 

Setting up the software design document, I listed the requirements, such as being a web-based game. In addition, the functions of the game, such as 
It has four rounds of the game, multiple players in a team, and the image that is guessed is auto-generated. 
In addition, I listed the design constraints in detail, such as the required language to build with. 

What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
I found describing the UML diagram and how to classes interact with each other helpful in developing the code. For example, on the diagram
The class Entity inherited Game, Team, and Player. Knowing this, when I created the classes, I made sure to create the inheritance with those classes first. 
In addition, from the UML I knew what to add in the classes as well, whether the classes were private or public, getters and setters, variables, and whether they
were strings or integers. 

If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would choose to revise the client/server requirements for the different OS systems. Specifically, for the Mobile Device operating system. 
I would improve this by adding more information about what someone who wants to play the game on their phone would need to for the game to run smoothly 
on their device. 

How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
I interpreted the user's needs by just thinking in general what is needed to run a game on the web. It needs minimum freezing, no skipping, and no crashing.
A player shouldn't have to worry about if I play this game will my device catch a virus or will my information be exposed after I play this game.
After this, I thought about the technical requirements behind the user needs, such as what security measures need to be in place, such as a firewall and TLS.

How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
I approached designing the software by first listing the requirements: what kind of application is this? From that, I went into the design and technical constraints.
I plan to use the skills of analyzing the requirements into bigger parts of the project for future use. 
I 
